he it's St From Evolution Unleashed
today we're going to have a talk about
Business and Entrepreneurship in the AI
era because businesses you know it is
going to change and it's going to change
in a way we can beely fathom but it's
not just business that's going to change
it's consumer behavior is going to
change and this is why if you do not
adapt your business model to AI now you
are going to get left behind you've got
two forces working against you you've
got the technology that's allowing
companies to out compete you because
they can do it faster cheaper and then
you've got the shipped and consumer
Behavior people will prefer the AI
option to the old method Let's Talk
customer service for example in the old
days a consumer has a problem with your
software or your product they email
support waake 24 to 48 hours they redraw
extensive documentation hoping that it's
been written by someone who understands
a non technical perspective it will
solve their problem and how often does
documentation works sometimes right or
they could bring and hope that somebody
in some far flying land can really
understand their problem now that brings
cost to a company and it's a frustration
point for a customer and AI solves both
ends so you can put in a chat boot
that's trained on your documentation
your FAQs your rules whatever it is you
want to tell it it can sit there and
people come for support they can just
talk to this Ai and it will know the
answer to everything and people can get
the solution they want instantly now
that means the company is spending a lot
less money CU they don't have to have
someone answering a phone or replying to
an email if you consider the customer's
Behavior they're going to much prefer
talking to the AI regardless where the
people say they will or won't the fact
is it is easier and it gives you what
you need instantly so it's a better way
so that's the two forces that are
shifting companies are going to be able
to out compete you on price on
efficiency plus customers are going to
want what they're doing not what you're
doing and your old business models are
going to fall off a clip you're going to
be made Obsolete and it's going to
happen faster than you can realize that
tap bot example PL we've talked about
them before in January ran a trial that
took 2.3 million calls outperformed the
human significantly and save them $40
million wiped out 700 jobs that is the
force that is coming for your business
and the old ways won't work let's look
at another facet of business marketing
what are you doing now well let's say
you need to understand your target
market you got to do research groups the
thing is mostly you just don't do it cuz
it's so damn hard so you weak on
marketing anyway and the companies that
do it well on marketing have to spend a
lot of money on focused groups on having
people in their company like a marketing
director a social media then you got to
create content you got to create
campaigns now a company can use AI the
strategy lead generation client
acquisition campaigns The Works AI
consult marketing we actually have a
product already that aligns to a target
market and it knows the target market
better than we ever could knows at a
very deep level and it can align your
offer and the market trends and the gaps
in the market to amplify the impact that
you have in your marketing and then you
can actually create aligned marketing
that every piece of content moves them
along the customer journey and you can
create a MK of that in about an hour
automatically with no AI skills and that
exists now so how are you going to
compete with companies that have an
automated content marketing machine
powered by AI this isn't science fiction
this isn't coming soon it's here now we
built it I know that's how we've we've
already got people going through it and
trust me their minds are just as blown
as well that we have this power at our
fingertips what about your Sops the way
you deliver value to your clients with
AI incorporated into your value delivery
you're going to be able to Ally to the
objectives that the customer or client
has when they engage with you get rid of
all the fluff you'll cut down the amount
of meeting times you have to have and
you got to produce consistently high
level work meaning your value delivery
will be significantly different or less
and a good example is my old agency our
average Blended hourly or total hours
per per CL was 162 1/2 hours and with AI
we were able to drop that to 30 hours
162 to 30 through the power of AI and
where we made those gains was we needed
a lot less meeting times we needed a lot
less time to do our market research
research we were able to understand the
pain points in the agency and use AI to
help align our free the strategies we
already had but how do we best align it
to this business boom so now we're
delivering bit of value it's costing us
significantly less the amount of
meetings that just vanished was amazing
162 hours down to 30 so you tell me how
you going to compete with that because
you're dealing with those two forces
customers when they start getting that
level of service and that quick they're
not going to want the old way they're
not going to want to take 6 months
instead of 2 weeks you're not going to
be able to compete on price either
because if you can do it for if You'
budgeted 162 hours and you're charging
on hours and now it's only 30 hours you
can you can undercut the market you can
inflate your hourly get a lot more
dollars per hour and out charge over 30
hours halfway in between whatever then
you got 60 90 120 150 you can go five
times faster through your value delivery
to to marketing value delivery customer
service but you think about every aspect
of your business even email there's
already AIS that can filter your emails
reply to all the rubbish stuff at a low
level and raise anything important to
you the days of mundane paper pushing to
come into an end but here is what I want
you to hear if you don't adapt now
you're going to get swept away and you
know the biggest issue facing small
business is that most don't have systems
don't have processes there's nothing to
optimized with AI because it's all kept
in the business own this hit or I know
how to do it and it's kind of a you know
you probably joke about how it's sort of
cobbled together but it you know in New
Zealand we call it the number eight wire
solution but is that really optimal is
it really giving you what you want you
know so many business owners their
business has become a prison and they
didn't start that business they started
it with the dream and it became a prison
because they don't understand that
business isn't doing the value delivery
it's all the systems that sit behind it
it's knowing your numbers it's having
Sops that are flexible and actually work
because you can't scale without systems
and processes I that the hardware took
me many years of self-employment to
figure out that was holding me back and
if you try and scale when you don't have
efficient Sops well you get the speed
wobbles and it all falls to custard so
the point is businesses are facing a
massive threat because not only are they
what we call immature businesses they
don't have professional systems they do
halfhazard marketing there's no real
strategic plan in place but now you can
create business models with strategic
plans perfectly aligned to customers to
the what you're wired to what your
passions are and you can create very
flexible versatile models that can shape
and pivot as this AI era unfolds and we
sort of get a better idea of what's
ahead yet those businesses let alone the
ones with systems that won't adapt they
they'll go but the next layer the the
people that don't really have that and
kind of just fly by the seat of their
pants those are the ones most at risk
and they'll be the first to go you just
cannot compete with
AI and I hate to be the one to say it
and I hate even hearing the words in my
head but adapt or Doge AI is that big
and again as I said I'm not trying to
sell you anything here this is just a
discussion that needs to be had and not
enough people are having it so we use
this platform where our Fireside Chats
sometimes but anyway the point I really
want to get through today is to be aware
of what's coming this disruption that's
going to start unraveling the the the
jumper if you like you just keep pulling
on that thread you don't notice it at
first but it gets faster and faster and
suddenly everything starts just losing
shape before your very eyes going to
happen to most Industries but it won't
affect everybody the people that are
already harnessing AI they'll actually
grow in that space and there is an
opport Unity here there is a massive
blue ocean and for those that are brave
enough to commit to change the sky and
Beyond is your limit AI is like nothing
we've ever seen and the opportunity is
larger than anything that's ever come
before at least in our life times so
don't sleep on AI really pay attention
consumer behavior is going to shift and
that's going to hurt you let alone being
outco competed by really slick efficient
AI power business models we're
pioneering these we're building these
and deploying them we we know how much
better they are but a lot of you haven't
realized that AI is at this level and
unfortunately the disruption is going to
be a bit like bankruptcy happens very
gradually until it happens suddenly
anyway that's it for today love to hear
your thoughts feel free to uh hit the
like or subscribe Button as well and
I'll see you in the next one peace